feat(write_bib): escape & as much as possible (closes #2335) (#2342)
yihui/knitr: NEWS.md

## NEW FEATURES

- For `kable()`, you can set the global option `knitr.kable.max_rows` to limit the number of rows to show in the table, e.g., `options(knitr.kable.max_rows = 30)`. This is a way to prevent `kable()` from generating a huge table from a large data object by accident.

> - `write_bib()` now escapes all non-escaped "&" in the bibliography by default. Formerly, it only escaped the title field of the package citation. Disable the escape by specifying `tweak = FALSE` (thanks, @atusy #2335)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `write_bib()` now escapes all non-escaped "&" in the bibliography by default. Previously, it only escaped the title field of the package citation. You can disable the escape with the argument `tweak = FALSE` (thanks, @HedvigS #2335, @atusy #2342).
```
